Introduce Datalab (#614)
cleanlab/cleanlab: docs/source/cleanlab/datalab/guide/custom_issue_manager.rst

.. _issue_manager_creating_your_own:

Creating Your Own Issues Manager
================================

> This guide will walk you through the process of creating creating your own 
> :py:class:`IssueManager <cleanlab.datalab.issue_manager.issue_manager.IssueManager>`
> to extend the issue-checking capabilities of 
> :py:class:`Datalab <cleanlab.datalab.datalab.Datalab>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide walks through the process of creating creating your own 
:py:class:`IssueManager <cleanlab.datalab.issue_manager.issue_manager.IssueManager>`
to detect a custom-defined type of issue alongside the pre-defined issue types in 
:py:class:`Datalab <cleanlab.datalab.datalab.Datalab>`.
```
